hey everyone it's SP Jose 32-year with
another great card to it this one was
done by a guy on YouTube you yahuda
lindau magician I hope I pronounced that
right I will post a link to his page so
you can set about his performance and at
the toil I don't plan on doing the
tutorial because do you want to the
setup and I don't have that setup death
then was I'm gonna start well I respect
that I cut the cards a couple of times
if they as they like there's couple
complete cuts just to find it mix up the
depth and I'll show you it is completely
mixed up and now it's kind of a
perspective cut two cards one more time
and whatever card ends up on top is
going to be very selective so cut the
cards like this and this is top card
we're gonna put aside as your selection
I'm not going to look at it all and now
I'm gonna take the cards are going to
dealing out into two piles
and I will put this pile aside to start
with right here and I will move on to
this next time steal a college again
choose one else just like so and now I
will put this pile aside I'm gonna do it
ourselves into two piles just like
school finally down there so just bear
with me I put this file side and do
these guys such a few piles just like so
so I just check your cards into two
piles and I'll donate this pile and I've
got three cards left
just on the side and this one aside and
I have one card left if anything like
this card will be the summit of a card
that you cut to before it's the first
time let's look at your card it is the
queen of diamonds this card that I line
it on should be and it is the Queen of
Hearts
Oh put your father's side touch this I'm
gonna take this first pile it tricks not
done yet believe it or not I'm gonna
stretch through these guards and it's
not suspected to select any card is
there all Ryan I'm a mixed-up guard so I
say this like this card right here which
is in fact you're that King of Spades
I guess what if I just tap the card on
there just like that throw it on top
give it a spin
instantly the whole pack turns flat it's
just like so now if I take I just set
that right there let's say I take Queen
of Hearts obviously these are all gonna
be red cards now because all the black
cards are in this first pot if I take
the Queen of Hearts watch this tap it on
there just like so slip it on there give
it a spin instantly they so fast it
becomes hearts now if I take the last
patch
and I were to tap the cause just like
this brought us on here and maybe give
it a cut spin it instantly well Holmes
Dec this all packet I'm set up the base
true king just like that and that my
friends is magic
and that being said just a little update
yes I did get to these sixes I got five
these sixes from the Dan and Dave
released yesterday I also got three of
the ub squeezer stacks that they had and
then afterwards I decided what the heck
I might as well get if enough to put
skip pong so I got those eight decks
coming I've also found a couple other
interesting decks well I won an auction
for a white Centurion deck on eBay looks
like it's gonna be about 150 bucks with
shipping but I'm trying to get it
reduced because some idiot raised the
price by like 20 bucks in like the last
two minutes of the office in in it
pissed me off just a little bit I'd
rather pay a hundred twenty-five bucks
ten or a hundred thirty bucks than 150
bucks for a deck any time I'll talk
about that I also found out about the
Sutter deck a Johnny Cupcakes - it's
pretty interesting it's done by bicycle
or a USBC s it's a particular item and
Johnny Cupcakes Calm it's some kind of a
clothing water site and add this custom
deck that they made themselves and it's
really different it's pretty interesting
I will show it to you once I get it and
I also will do an unboxing video once I
get the packets from Danny Dave anyway
with that being said that's only half
for this time I will be doing a couple
of tech reviews shortly so stay tuned
for those see you next time